Hero Wu, what are you doing here?
What are we doing here?
We were here to watch your bridal chamber
Hero Wu, get out of here
You also know the rough and silly classics?
Dare not let us see it, hahahaha.
Does it have anything to do with who I marry, Hero Wu?
You're pretty tough
What do you look like if you don't hit you?
Get out of here
5 Hero, get out of here
Yeah, me and you, right?
What the hell is this stupid bear?
It's the best
Such a beautiful girl
Ok you Zhang San
The golden house is hidden, right?
Such a beautiful girl
I actually let you pick up the leak
You take the money, Sister Wang is my wife.
If you touch him, I will do you
I am in love, I like it, hahaha.